[Internal review] playwright: Update to latest versions and add new page objects (#75)
eclipsesource/theia: examples/playwright/docs/GETTING_STARTED.md

Before running your tests, the Theia application under test needs to be running.
This repository already provides an example Theia application, however, you might want to test your custom Theia-based application instead.

The Playwright configuration however is aware of that and starts the backend (`yarn theia:start`) on port 3000 if not already running.

> This is valid for executing tests via the VSCode extension and via CLI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is valid for executing tests with the VS Code Playwright extension or from your command line.
```

### Running the tests in VSCode via the Playwright extension

> For quick and easy execution of tests in VSCode, please install the extension [`ms-playwright.playwright`](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-playwright.playwright).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For quick and easy execution of tests in VS Code, we recommend to use the [VS Code Playwright extension (`ms-playwright.playwright`)](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-playwright.playwright).
```

> To quickly start the playwright tests, open the playwright testing extension and click the `Run Tests` button on the top toolbar or the `Run Test` for a particular test.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have installed the VS Code Playwright test extension, open the *Test* view and click the `Run Tests` button on the top toolbar or the `Run Test` button for a particular test.
```

It uses the default configuration with chromium as test profile by default.

> To run the tests headful, simply enable the checkbox `Show browser` in the Playwright testing extension.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run the tests headful, simply enable the checkbox `Show browser` in the Playwright section of the *Test* view.
```

### Running the tests headless via CLI

To start the tests run `yarn ui-tests` in the folder `playwright`.
This will start the tests in a headless state.

To only run a single test file, the path of a test file can be set with `yarn ui-tests <path-to-file>` or `yarn ui-tests -g "<partial test file name>"`.
See the [Playwright Test command line documentation](https://playwright.dev/docs/intro#command-line).

### Running the tests headful via CLI

If you want to observe the execution of the tests in a browser, use `yarn ui-tests-headful` for all tests or `yarn ui-tests-headful <path-to-file>` to only run a specific test.

> ### Debugging the tests via the Playwright extension

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Debugging the tests via the VS Code Playwright extension
```

> To debug playwright tests, open the playwright testing extension and click the `Debug Tests` button on the top toolbar or the `Debug Test` for a particular test.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To debug Playwright tests, open the *Test* view in VS Code and click the `Debug Tests` button on the top toolbar or the `Debug Test` for a particular test.
```

It uses the default configuration with chromium as test profile by default.

For more information on debugging, please refer to the [Playwright documentation](https://playwright.dev/docs/debug).

### UI Mode - Watch and Trace Mode

> For an advanced test development experience, Playwright introduced the UI Mode. To enable this, simply add the flag `--ui` to the CLI command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For an advanced test development experience, Playwright provides the so-called *UI Mode*. To enable this, simply add the flag `--ui` to the CLI command.
```

> I.e. run the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
